<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                template="/templates/nightfall/template.xhtml"
                xmlns:ezPres="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/myComponents/presentation"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core">

    <ui:define name="bodyHeaderTitle" >
    </ui:define>

    <ui:define name="body">


        <h:form id="privacyForm" >
            <br/>
            <table width="100%" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" >
                <tr>
                    <td colspan="2">
                <h:outputText value="Privacy Policy" styleClass="sectionTitle" />
                </td>
                </tr>
                <tr>
                    <td style="text-align: left" colspan="2">
                        <font size="2">

                            <!-- START PRIVACY POLICY CODE -->
                            <div style="font-family: arial;">
                                <br />
                                <strong>What information do we collect?</strong>
                                <br /><br />We collect information from you when you register on our site.
                                <br /><br />When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address.
                                You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
                                <br /><br />
                                <strong>What do we use your information for?</strong>
                                <br /><br />
                                Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: <br />
                                <ul>
                                    <li>To personalize your experience<br />(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)</li>
                                    <li>To improve our website<br />(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and
                                        feedback we receive from you)</li>
                                    <li>To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature</li>
                                </ul>
                                <br />

                                <strong>How do we protect your information?</strong> 
                                <br /><br />We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information
                                when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
                                <br /><br /><strong>Do we use cookies?</strong> <br /><br />
                                Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive
                                through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize
                                your browser and capture and remember certain information<br /><br /> We use cookies to help us remember
                                and process the items in your shopping cart and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction
                                so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
                                <br /><br />

                                <strong>Do we disclose any information to outside parties?</strong>
                                <br /><br />We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
                                This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business,
                                or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release
                                your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies,
                                or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information
                                may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

                                <br /><br />
                                <strong>Third party links</strong>
                                <br /><br /> Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our
                                website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility
                                or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of
                                our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
                                <br /><br />
                                <strong>California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance</strong>
                                <br /><br />Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the
                                California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside
                                parties without your consent.
                                <br /><br />As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of
                                our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the
                                'Edit Profile' page.<br /><br />

                                <strong>Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance</strong>
                                <br /><br />We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act),
                                we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are
                                all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
                                <br /><br /><strong>Online Privacy Policy Only</strong> <br /><br />This online privacy policy applies only to
                                information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
                                <br /><br /><strong>Your Consent</strong>
                                <br /><br />By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.

                                <br /><br /><strong>Changes to our Privacy Policy</strong>
                                <br /><br />If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
                                <br />This policy was last modified on july 5 2011
                                <br /><br />www.metalcity.net
                                <br /><br />
                                <br /><br />

                            </div>

                        </font>
                    </td>
                </tr>
                <tr>
                    <td colspan="2">
                        <div align="center">
                            [<h:commandLink action="#{newsManagedBean.goToIndex}" value="#{msg.commun_return}"/>]
                        </div>
                    </td>
                </tr>
            </table>
        </h:form>

        <br/>
        <br/>

    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
